I used the source code written by Tom Niemann as my base.  It is available here: http://epaperpress.com/lexandyacc/index.html
There was quite a bit of modifications necessary.  

The most significant of these was switching from printing everything immediately, and instead using a linked list of statements 
to represent the program, and printing everything at the end. This let me do neat things like put in a place holder for a jump,
then come back and replace it with the proper position to jump to. Or functionalize the math/comparison operator code, since I 
could use the same function to convert value of both by inserting statements into themiddle of the list.  As a result of this, 
the amount of redundant code in my compiler.c file was reduced drastically.  I also took advantage of this for the Prog statement.  
Initially I put a statement with varlen:0, then come back later and change it to match the number of variables actually used.

My code assumes that everything should be converted to real if there is a real and integer value in an operation.  If it gets assigned
to an integer variable later, it will be converted back.

Things I implemented:
	Float values
	C style variable names
	C style comments (single and multiple line)
	Semantic analysis (types are automatically converted, handled with a type stack using the types from the symbol table)
	for, do-while, do-until, while loops
	Math assignment operators ("+=" and the like.  Was done to make the for loop easier to code, but is a nice thing to have anyways.)	
	Automatic type conversion and type checking
	Both kinds of prodecures (with/without params)
	Both kinds of functions (with/without params)

Known bugs:
	Scoping only works for procedures/functions, not blocks.  I didn't realize I needed to do this until a few minutes ago.  
		Just didn't read carefully enough I suppose.

Automated test script "test.sh" runs all of my tests.  I could not for the life of me get the pstack/api program to work, so I just did
	diffs of the pcode I expected to come out.  Took a lot longer to write the tests this way, but oh well.
